It was Qin Guodou who deliberately led you out of the palace
By no means my income
Then I'm out of the palace anyway
Why did you take me back?
Oh.
I save him
Sun Liang dares to take you to drink flower wine
I really can't be brave
But if he hadn't lost your fortune-stealing carriage to the capital that day
Will be harmed by Qin Guodong's people
He saved your life.
make up for it
I let him go
Well, you have a conscience
Is it time for the emperor to change his clothes?
Ah!
What are you doing?
I'm going back to check out my vegetable patch
I've been out of the palace for so long, it's always the scenery that helps me take care of it
I'm a little worried
The good thing about the drought, you will be meritorious in the rest of the dynasty
Solved the problem of food shortage in the palace
At the Empress Dowager's banquet
Have emissaries from neighboring countries come to inquire about how to grow wheat
Yu Gong Yu
It's time for you to leave
That won't work. Change place.
I'm not used to it.
What's not used to?
Will you become queen in the future?
I will continue to live in the cold palace
I planted it myself.
I can't bear it.
OK
What did you say queen
Last night, King Qi entered the Empress Dowager overnight
Expose that he was poisoned for a while
It is related to the former prince's forces behind General Qin
And attach the Forbidden City master's handwriting to stand at attention to your father
Review as far as Anmenyuan
The Empress Dowager promised to revisit the case of the Prime Minister's mansion
What's the benefit of really lying to you?
Li Dehan comes in